DOC-3224: Toolbar split button chevron tooltip is now the same as the main button tooltip unless explicitly set otherwise. (#3939)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.3.0-release-notes.adoc

{productname} {release-version} also includes the following bug fixes:

> === Toolbar split button chevron tooltip is now the same as the main button tooltip unless explicitly set otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Tooltip is now translated correctly for the dropdown chevron of the bullet and number list toolbar buttons.
```
more accurate to the bug customers actually saw, rather than what we did to fix it?

// #TINY-13271

> Previously, an issue was identified where the **Bullet list menu** and **Numbered list menu** did not include translations for the chevron icons. This has been resolved in {release-version}. The chevron icons for these list menus now display correctly translated tooltips on hover.

Reviewer: toolbar buttons, not menus?

Author: @metricjs The button itself was translated correctly, it was the chevron dropdown menus beside the buttons that were not. This is what I understood from the explanation in the general tab in the ticket and me testing it myself.

Reviewer: True. Still, that's a menu that's part of a toolbar button - usually we talk about just "menus" as the Insert, Tools, Format menu etc. Everything is a loaded word unfortunately in our UI.
```suggestion
Previously, an issue was identified where the menu dropdowns for the **Bullet list toolbar button** and **Numbered list toolbar button** did not include translations. This has been resolved in {release-version}. The dropdown buttons for these toolbar buttons now display correctly translated tooltips on hover.
```
something like this is what I was thinking?

Reviewer 2: I am not sure that that is correct, it seems to suggest that the whole menus did not include translations? It was specifically the toolbar's split-button's chevron's tooltip that was not translated. It had been changed into `Bullet list menu` and `Numbered list menu` some time ago, which were not in the translations. They were changed back to `Bullet list` and `Numbered list` for the chevron tooltip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, an issue was identified where the tooltips for the dropdown chevrons for the **Bullet list** and **Numbered list** toolbar buttons were not translated correctly. This has been resolved in {release-version}. The dropdown chevron of these splitbuttons now displays correctly translated tooltips on hover.
```
wording still feels awkward but. better?
